WIP updates to installation (#18)
pivotal-cf/docs-build-service: installing.md

         path: "<path to CA certificate for registry access>"
       destination:
         path: "/cnab/app/cert/ca.crt"
     - name: tls_cert
       source:
         path: "<path to TLS certificate>"
       destination:
         path: "/cnab/app/cert/tls.crt"
     - name: tls_key
       source:
         path: "<path to TLS private key>"
       destination:
         path: "/cnab/app/cert/tls.key"
   ```

    Credentials information:

    - `kube_config`: The configuration file required during the installation to interact with the cluster that Pivotal Build Service will be installed on

>     - `ca_cert`: The CA certificate required by Pivotal Build Service to interact with you internally deployed registries. This is the CA certificate that was used while deploying the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `ca_cert`: The CA certificate required by Pivotal Build Service to interact with internally deployed registries. This is the CA certificate that was used while deploying the registry.
```

    - `tls_cert`: The certificate required for authenticated communication between the `pb` cli and the deployed Build Service. The CA for this certificate must be trusted by the workstation communicating with Pivotal Build Service.

    - `tls_key`: The private key corresponding to the above certificate.

   This file should be created in `/tmp/credentials.yml` this location can be changed but
   the `duffle install` command must be updated accordingly.

   **Note:** In the credentials file all the local paths need to be absolute.

1) Create a parameters file that specifies the parameters for the installation.

>    This file will be used by `duffle` during the installation. This need for this file can optionally be replaced by using the `--set` flag to set parameters explicitly as covered later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This file will be used by `duffle` during the installation. This file can optionally be replaced by using the `--set` flag to set parameters explicitly as covered later.
```

>     Here is a template for the `paramerters.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here is a template for the `parameters.json` file
```

   the `duffle install` command must be updated accordingly.

   Parameters information:

   - `build_service_domain` is the domain name that will be used to target Pivotal Build Service.
   This domain should have been configured as the domain for the Ingress controller.
   - `pks_cluster_name` Name of the PKS cluster where Pivotal Build Service will be installed
   - `docker_registry` Domain of the Image Registry used in the previous step to push images to

     **Note:** if using dockerhub the domain should be `index.docker.io`
     The registry should not include subpaths in the registry. `gcr.io`, `acr.io` are examples of valid fields for the registry.
   - `registry_username` Username to access the registry
   - `registry_password` Password to access the registry
   - `uaa_url` URL to access UAA

   Additional optional properties:
   - `disable_builder_polling` this will prevent the build service from polling builder images for buildpack updates
   This option requires you to set up a [Builder Webhook](https://github.com/pivotal-cf/docs-build-service/blob/master/webhooks.md).
   This is a boolean value that defaults to `false`.

>    - `ingress_annotations` this will set ingress annotations (see the "Optional: Setting custom Ingress controller annotations" step below)

Reviewer: This parameter need to be always in the `parameters.json` even if you choose to use `--set` for all the other params

   - `replica_count` this will define the number of build service instances running. It defaults to `1`.

>    - `no_gateway` this will install only [kpack](https://github.com/pivotal/kpack), the Build Service CRDs and controllers. This allows one to interact with Build Service via `kubectl` ONLY. This is a boolean value that defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: It will also install the builder

Author: good point. will add the info

    }
    ```

    ##### Optional: KPACK only Install
    This only install the Build Service CRDs and it's controllers and `kubectl` is the CLI tool required to interact with the components. When installing without the gateway, it removes the need for the following parameters:
    - `domain`
    - `uaa_url`
    - `ingress_annotations`

>     Additionally, the it will also remove the need to provide values to the following credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, the following credentials from the credentials file are not mandatory:
```

Author: My only concern is by saying they are not mandatory, it might imply that they are optional, but we wont actually be using them. 🤷‍♂

Author: I can rephrase it a little bit though so that it reads better.

   **Note** Some images will be pushed again to the image registry because during installation the CA Certificate provided
   will be added to the list of the available CA on these images. To do this, the parameters file or duffle install command (in case one would like to avoid using the `parameters.json`) must be provided
   with the credentials for the image registry

1) Relocate the images from the extracted bundle into an internal Image Registry

    Login to the Image Registry where the images will be stored
    ```bash
    docker login <SOME_IMAGE_REGISTRY>
    ```

    Push the images to the Image Registry
    ```bash
    duffle relocate -f /tmp/build-service-${version}.tgz -m /tmp/relocated.json -p <TARGET_IMAGE_REGISTRY>
    ```

1) <a href="install-pivotal-build-service"></a>Install Pivotal Build Service

    ```bash
    duffle install <installation-name> -c /tmp/credentials.yml  \
        -p /tmp/parameters.json \
        -f /tmp/build-service-${version}.tgz \
        -m /tmp/relocated.json
    ```
   `installation-name` this is the unique name for the Build Service installation. 

>    This name can be used after for upgrading Pivotal Build Service in the cluster `kubectl` is pointing at

Reviewer: Is that true. it upgrades on the cluster you have kubectl pointed too or does it use the same cluster?

Author: A `duffle install` maintains the parameters in the claims. So `upgrade` runs with the same params as the `install`. I think you can override them, but not providing any params should use the same cluster.
